85.   allegations, or measures being taken against, corrupt public officials of any governmental jurisdiction worldwide bribe.
59.   weather event which has directly caused at least one fatality in some thunderstorm snow.
56.   the prime lending rate, or will report an actual prime rate move interest.
71.   incursions into the border area of one country by military forces of a second country or a guerrilla group based in a second country insurg namibian martti.
64.   event or result of politically motivated hostage-taking kidnap captiv captor
62.   a military coup d'etat, either attempted or successful, in any country oust stroessner augusto pincochet .
93.   supporters of the National Rifle Association (NRA), or its assets rifl ak lapierr .
99.   development in the Iran-Contra Affair isra palestian.
58.   anticipate a rail strike or report an ongoing rail  strike striker.
77.   poaching method used against a certain of wildlife poacher tusk leakei ivori rhino.
54.   signing of a contract or preliminary agreement, or the making of a tentative reservation, to launch a commercial satellite payload.
87.   criminal actions against officers of a failed U.S. financial institution feder.
94.   crime perpetrated with the aid of a computer softwar.
100.  non-communist, industrialized states to regulate the transfer of high-tech goods or \"dual-use\" technologies to undesirable nations.
89.   existing or pending investment by an OPEC member state in any \"downstream\" operation petroleum.
61.   the role of Israel in the Iran-Contra Affair palestian isra.
95.   a computer application to crime solving softwar solut.
68.   studies, or even unsubstantiated concerns about the safety to manufacturing employees and installation workers of fine-diameter fibers used in insulation and other products optic asbesto mesothelioma asbestosi.
57.   MCI has been doing since the Bell System breakup.
97.   fiber optics technology actually in use coaxial laser.
98.   individuals or organizations which produce fiber optics equipment laser coaxial telekom.
60.   controversy over the use of standards of performance to determine salary levels and incentive pay as contrasted with determining pay solely on the basis of seniority or longevity on the job earn employe honoraria.
80.   platform of a 1988 presidential  candidate dukaki.
63.   a machine translation system russian text rozovskaya.
91.   acquisition by the U.S. Army of specified advanced weapons systems warhead.